Update readme: detail options to install this module (#77)
DataDog/terraform-module-datadog-agentless-scanner: README.md

# Datadog Agentless Scanner IaC Module

This repository provides a simple and reusable Infrastructure-As-Code module for installing and configuring the Datadog Agentless Scanner.

> For more informations and documentation on the different options available to install the Agentless Scanner, please refer to the [Datadog documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_security_management/agentless_scanning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information and documentation on the different options available to install the Agentless Scanner, see the [Datadog documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_security_management/agentless_scanning).
```
